some restructuring (#37)
cloudquery/docs: docs/cli/fetch/configuration.md

# Configuration

CloudQuery just like [terraform](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/providers/index.html) relies on "providers" to extract,transform and load cloud assets configuration from Cloud Providers, SaaS Providers and other APIs into PostgreSQL.

> This section is very similar to terraform providers section due to similar design of CloudQuery providers, but their purpose and implementation is completly different:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section is very similar to terraform providers section due to similar design of CloudQuery providers, but their purpose and implementation is completely different:
```

> CloudQuery providers are read only providers which extracts,transform and loads cloud assets configuration while Terraform providiers interacts with the cloud to provision assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudQuery providers are read only providers which extracts, transforms and loads cloud assets configuration while Terraform providers interact with the cloud to provision assets.
```
